mountain -> mountain
mountain -> mountain
forest -> forest
woman -> woman
aquari -> aquarium_fish
fox -> fox
bottle -> bottle
dolphin -> dolphin
squ -> NONE
cockach -> cockroach
shark -> shark
man -> man
lamp -> lamp
seal -> seal
worm -> worm
porine -> NONE
whale -> whale
plain -> plain
cattle -> cattle
beetle -> beetle
cloud -> cloud
tiger -> tiger
apple -> apple
girl -> girl
kangaroo -> kangaroo
bridge -> bridge
lawnmower -> lawn_mower
whale -> whale
bee -> bee
couch -> couch
streetcar -> streetcar
motorcycle -> motorcycle
keyboard -> keyboard
clock -> clock
woman -> woman
kangaroo -> kangaroo
orang -> orange
worm -> worm
bicycle -> bicycle
lobster -> lobster
skyscraper -> skyscraper
clock -> clock
plate -> plate
snake -> snake
sea -> sea
turtle -> turtle
rose -> rose
plain -> plain
turtle -> otter
ott -> can
can -> sunflower
sun -> turtle
sh -> otter
tu -> can
seal -> sunflower
table -> NONE
bottle -> seal
lawnmower -> table
lobster -> bottle
pinetree -> lawn_mower
dinosaur -> lobster
pinetree -> pinetree
bus -> dinosaur
beaver -> pinetree
boy -> bus
bed -> beaver
raon -> boy
palm -> bed
bear -> NONE
din -> palm_tree
beaver -> bear
cattle -> dinosaur
cloud -> beaver
girl -> cattle
lamp -> cloud
bottle -> girl
tank -> lamp
boy -> bottle
crocodile -> tank
mountain -> boy
cro -> crocodile
woman -> mountain
rabbit -> crocodile
wardrobe -> woman
mouse -> rabbit
orang -> wardrobe
sweetpepper -> mouse
rose -> orange
ray -> sweetpepper
apple -> rose
house -> ray
girl -> apple
poppy -> house
ray -> girl
sh -> poppy
sea -> ray
bowl -> sea
bear -> bowl
pickuptruck -> bear
sh -> pickup_truck
ray -> NONE
telephone -> ray
whale -> telephone
orchid -> whale
man -> orchid
cockach -> man
lobster -> cockroach
dinosaur -> lobster
couch -> dinosaur
cup -> couch
pickuptruck -> cup
palm -> pickup_truck
ham -> palm_tree
mouse -> hamster
dinosaur -> mouse
boy -> dinosaur
train -> boy
boy -> train
bottle -> boy
cattle -> bottle
crocodile -> cattle
tractor -> crocodile
elephant -> tractor
sk -> elephant
poppy -> skunk
kang -> poppy
cat -> kangaroo
telephone -> cattle
willowtree -> telephone
rabbit -> willow_tree
telephone -> rabbit
rosebush -> telephone
lamp -> rose
cate -> lamp
train -> caterpillar
kangaroo -> train
poum -> kangaroo
tracto -> NONE
kangaroo -> tractor
bicycle -> kangaroo
mouse -> bicycle
rose -> mouse
couch -> rose
moto -> couch
sweetpepper -> motorcycle
sea -> sweetpepper
man -> sea
tulip -> man
poppy -> tulip
baby -> poppy
plai -> baby
cattle -> plain
cattle -> cattle
bee -> cattle
rose -> bee
television -> rose
tiger -> television
plate -> tiger
snake -> plate
whale -> snake
telev -> whale
sweetpepper -> television
pear -> sweetpepper
squir -> pear
plate -> squirrel
shark -> plate
dolphin -> shark
pickuptruck -> dolphin
chian -> pickup_truck
oaktree -> chimpanzee
otter -> oaktree
lion -> otter
camel -> lion
bed -> camel
chi -> bed
table -> cockroach
bear -> table
whale -> bear
tra -> whale
clock -> train
pinetree -> clock
squirrel -> pinetree
girl -> squirrel
mushroom -> girl
beetle -> mushroom
orange -> beetle
ray -> orange
train -> ray
raon -> train
beetle -> NONE
tu -> beetle
seal -> turtle
bed -> seal
rabbit -> bed
pinetree -> rabbit
castle -> pinetree
snail -> castle
spider -> snail
porine -> spider
tractor -> NONE
cro -> tractor
lizard -> crocodile
cloc -> lizard
lizard -> clock
road -> lizard
porine -> road
castle -> NONE
bowl -> castle
man -> bowl
tractor -> man
beetle -> tractor
dolphin -> beetle
beaver -> dolphin
sky -> beaver
cloud -> skyscraper
pickuptruck -> cloud
bottle -> pickup_truck
bed -> bottle
bus -> bed
crab -> bus
turtle -> crab
kangaroo -> turtle
cup -> kangaroo
key -> cup
orange -> keyboard
snail -> orange
shark -> snail
orange -> shark
squirrel -> orange
clock -> squirrel
sweetpepper -> clock
raon -> sweetpepper
cloc -> NONE
bear -> clock
bicycle -> bear
turtle -> bicycle
crocodil -> turtle
bed -> crocodile
snake -> bed
boy -> snake
boy -> boy
porine -> boy
crocodile -> NONE
ham -> crocodile
lawnmo -> hamster
elephant -> lawn_mower
bottle -> elephant
bicycle -> bottle
bottl -> bicycle
skyscraper -> bottle
chian -> skyscraper
table -> chimpanzee
dinosaur -> table
kangar -> dinosaur
caterl -> kangaroo
chair -> caterpillar
trout -> chair
crab -> trout
fox -> crab
bed -> fox
castle -> bed
stree -> castle
girl -> streetcar
sh -> girl
leopard -> cockroach
oaktree -> leopard
bottle -> oaktree
bridge -> bottle
lion -> bridge
sh -> lion
girl -> shark
leopard -> girl
bowl -> leopard
orchid -> bowl
wolf -> orchid
leopard -> wolf
ham -> leopard
butterfly -> hamster
shark -> butterfly
streetcar -> shark
keyboard -> streetcar
table -> keyboard
bus -> table
table -> bus
lobster -> table
cup -> lobster
mouse -> cup
tank -> mouse
tiger -> tank
sh -> tiger
dinosaur -> shark
television -> dinosaur
rose -> television
poppy -> rose
oaktree -> poppy
sun -> oaktree
oaktree -> sunflower
orchid -> beetle
mouse -> otter
boy -> table
bus -> NONE
tiger -> baby
camel -> bridge
spider -> bottle
orange -> cloud
cockach -> chimpanzee
otter -> can
seal -> NONE
skyscraper -> man
leopard -> orange
telephone -> rocket
raon -> lawn_mower
willowtree -> NONE
chian -> bicycle
kangaroo -> apple
cup -> bee
bicycle -> can
mushroom -> seal
sk -> bottle
house -> chimpanzee
plain -> bridge
snail -> cattle
shark -> plate
pal -> girl
shark -> worm
plai -> apple
tiger -> flatfish
turtle -> poppy
bowl -> willow_tree
ham -> elephant
plate -> clock
train -> lamp
willowtree -> beetle
pickuptruck -> orange
aquarium -> tiger
lobster -> cougar
cattle -> trout
crab -> skunk
caterllar -> girl
poum -> snail
table -> turtle
bear -> NONE
otter -> elephant
plai -> beetle
chair -> willow_tree
house -> lamp
aquarium -> man
cup -> rocket
plain -> pear
beaver -> sweetpepper
mapletree -> bee
lizard -> lobster
poppy -> maple_tree
mapl -> NONE
ray -> rose
mapletre -> trout
otter -> otter
girl -> lawn_mower
can -> bicycle
seal -> leopard
ham -> cloud
cattle -> willow_tree
man -> cockroach
rocket -> lion
wolf -> tiger
bed -> bowl
bowl -> turtle
pinetree -> rocket
can -> sweetpepper
raon -> sweetpepper
wardrobe -> telephone
tractor -> trout
road -> spider
pickuptruck -> shark
bus -> house
turtl -> shark
dol -> NONE
rocket -> beetle
bridge -> camel
tractor -> rabbit
squirrel -> NONE
lion -> turtle
caterllar -> clock
seal -> pickup_truck
seal -> flatfish
lion -> lamp
motorcycle -> leopard
clock -> ray
can'ttell -> motorcycle
bear -> chair
mapletree -> """
